Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
Mokuba: LET ME GO! AAH!
UGH!
WHO'S THERE?
MOKUBA!
TEA!
Marik, voice-over:
THANKS TO MY MILLENNIUM ROD,
YUGI'S CLOSEST FRIENDS
ARE ALREADY MY MIND SLAVES.
ONCE I TURN THEM AGAINST HIM,
YUGI WILL SURRENDER
EVERYTHING HE HAS TO ME!
Yami-Yugi: ISN'T THAT ONE
OF YOUR HELICOPTERS, KAIBA?
Kaiba: IT'S MOKUBA.
HE ESCAPED.
TELL ME,
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
MM-HMM. BUT I HAD
TO LEAVE TEA BEHIND.
WE'VE GOTTA GO
BACK THERE.
GET IN
THE CHOPPER NOW.
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Man: COME ON, MAN!
YOU GOT THIS GUY!
Second man:
COME ON, MAN!
Duelist: MY SWORD HUNTER
WILL DEMOLISH YOUR DINO
IN NO TIME!
[ROARS]
SWORD HUNTER,
ATTACK NOW!
THAT'S THE STUFF!
NICE SHOT!
[HONKING]
COME ON! LET'S GO!
WHAT'S
GOING ON HERE?!
DON'T YOU
HAVE SCHOOL?
LOOK! SOME OF US
HAVE TO ACTUALLY
GET TO WORK!
Man: GET LOST!
SORRY, PAL,
BUT YOU'LL HAVE TO
BACK IT UP.
THE ROAD'S CLOSED.
WELL, I DIDN'T
SEE A SIGN.
THIS SECTION
OF THE CITY
IS SHUT DOWN
FOR THE KAIBA
CORPORATION'S
BIG EVENT.
TOUGH BREAK.
BUT WHAT KIND OF EVENT
COULD TAKE OVER
THE WHOLE CITY?
WHY, KAIBA'S
BATTLE CITY
DUEL MONSTERS
TOURNAMENT,
OF COURSE!
THAT IS ABSURD!
LOOK, JUST DOING
MY JOB, OK?
SO PLEASE
MOVE YOUR CAR.
YEAH, WILL DO.
BATTLE CITY TOURNAMENT.
SHUT DOWN THE CITY FOR THIS?!
[ROARS]
[SCREAMS]
Mokuba: THE RARE
HUNTERS' HIDEOUT!
WE'RE JUST
ABOUT 11 MILES AWAY.
I KNOW EXACTLY WHERE
THOSE CREEPS ARE KEEPING TEA,
AND JOEY
SHOULD BE NEARBY!
WE'LL GET THEM BOTH
OUT OF THERE IN NO TIME!
I'M CONCERNED
WITH MORE IMPORTANT ISSUES,
LIKE FINDING THE THIRD
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD!
TELL ME, YUGI, WHO EXACTLY
IS THIS MARIK?
HE LEADS
THE RARE HUNTERS,
BUT WHAT ELSE
DO YOU KNOW ABOUT HIM?
WELL, I'VE
NEVER ACTUALLY
SEEN HIS FACE.
BUT I KNOW
THAT HE POSSESSES
A MILLENNIUM ITEM
MUCH LIKE MY OWN
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
HMM. THOSE AGAIN?
SPARE ME THE BOGUS
MAGIC TALK, YUGI.
KAIBA, YOU HAVE
ALREADY EXPERIENCED
THE GREAT POWER
OF A MILLENNIUM ITEM
FIRST HAND.
OR HAVE YOU
FORGOTTEN
ABOUT PEGASUS
AND HIS
MILLENNIUM EYE?!
NOW, KAIBA...
TIME TO GO!
BICKURI BOX,
EMERGE AND ATTACK!
[CACKLING]
HA HA HA! HEEEE!
[GASPS]
[CACKLING]
THERE ARE NO MORE CARDS
YOU CAN PLAY.
THEREFORE YOU LOSE,
KAIBA BOY.
UHH.
AND YOU'VE LOST MUCH MORE
THAN JUST THIS DUEL,
HAVEN'T YOU, KAIBA?
YOU'VE LOST
THE ONLY CHANCE YOU HAD
AT RESCUING
YOUR BABY BROTHER.
YOU LET HIM DOWN.
BUT DON'T WORRY,
MY DEAR FRIEND.
I WILL SPARE YOU THE AGONY
OF CARRYING ON IN THIS WORLD
WITHOUT HIM!
WHAT IS THAT?
IT IS THE FINAL FATE
OF YOUR SOUL, SETO KAIBA!
EXPERIENCE THE POWER
OF MY MILLENNIUM EYE!
AAH!
Pegasus, voice-over:
WELCOME TO YOUR NEW HOME,
A PLACE OF SOLITUDE
AND SECLUSION.
AND WHILE YOUR SOUL IS AWAY,
YOUR BODY WILL BE EMPLOYED
AS MY OBEDIENT SERVANT. HA HA!
THAT WAS JUST A CHEAP TRICK!
BUT, SETO! PEGASUS
DID USE HIS MILLENNIUM EYE
TO TRAP US.
THAT'S ENOUGH.
JUST DROP IT, MOKUBA!
Yami-Yugi:
YOU CAN BELIEVE
WHATEVER YOU CHOOSE,
BUT I ASSURE YOU
MY PUZZLE IS NO TRICK.
AND I'M NOT EXACTLY
WHO YOU THINK
I AM, KAIBA.
I AM ACTUALLY
A 5,000-YEAR-OLD SPIRIT
WHO LIVES
WITHIN THE CHAMBERS
OF THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
THAT'S A LIE!
DO YOU HONESTLY EXPECT ME
TO BELIEVE YOU?
IT'S TRUE, KAIBA.
AT ONE TIME,
I LIVED IN EGYPT.
IT WAS THERE
I RULED AS PHARAOH.
AHH! AS PHARAOH?!
NO WAY!
Kaiba, voice-over:
THAT'S WHAT THAT WOMAN TOLD ME!
Kaiba, aloud:
BUT IT CAN'T BE!
Kaiba: YOUR PHARAOH STORY'S
NOT TRUE!
UHH, THERE'S JUST NO WAY!
THAT WOMAN ISHIZU TOLD ME
THE SAME LIE AT THE MUSEUM!
IT CAN'T BE!
THESE CARVINGS LOOK
LIKE DUEL MONSTER CARDS!
THERE'S A THEORY
THAT IN ANCIENT TIMES
THESE MONSTERS
WERE REAL.
EGYPTIAN SORCERERS
SUMMONED MONSTERS TO EARTH
TO DO THEIR BIDDING.
BUT THEY SOON REALIZED
THAT THE MONSTERS
COULD NOT BE CONTROLLED.
THEY DESTROYED
COUNTLESS VILLAGES
AND BROUGHT EARTH
TO THE BRINK OF DESTRUCTION.
THE CITIZENS TURNED
TO THE PHARAOH FOR HELP.
THOUGH HE COULD NOT
PERMANENTLY DEFEAT THE MONSTERS,
HE MANAGED TO USE HIS MAGIC
TO SEAL THEM AWAY
IN STONE TABLETS
AND BROUGHT PEACE TO THE WORLD.
HOWEVER, OVER TIME,
EVIL SORCERERS LEARNED
HOW TO CONTROL THE MONSTERS
AND RELEASED THEM
FROM THE TABLETS.
WITH THEIR ARMY
OF POWERFUL MONSTERS,
THE SORCERERS WERE CONFIDENT
THAT NO ONE
COULD STAND IN THEIR WAY.
THEY BETRAYED THE PHARAOH
AND WAGED AN ALL-OUT WAR
AGAINST HIM.
THIS IS THE ONE
YOU MUST LOOK AT.
THIS CARVING
IS THE REASON
I'VE CALLED YOU
HERE TONIGHT.
IT DEPICTS ONE
OF THE MAIN CONFLICTS
IN THE WAR
BETWEEN THE PHARAOH
AND HIS GREATEST OPPONENT.
UGH!
THAT'S THE PHARAOH?
BUT THAT'S YUGI!
ON THE LEFT IS THE SORCERER
FIGHTING AGAINST HIM.
Ishizu:
THAT'S YOU, KAIBA.
IF YOU STILL HAVE ANY DOUBT,
LOOK AT HIS MONSTER.
IT'S THE BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGON!
UGH!
HA HA HA!
YOU? PHARAOH? WHAT A JOKE!
I SPOKE TO THAT
CRAZY WOMAN, ALSO, YUGI.
BUT UNLIKE YOU, I DIDN'T
BUY INTO HER STORY.
LOOK. WHAT ISHIZU
SAID WAS TRUE.
I KNOW IT.
THE EVENTS OF THE PAST
WILL OCCUR ONCE AGAIN,
AND THAT SAME GREAT EVIL
WILL RETURN TO THREATEN US.
I KNOW WHO I MUST STOP!
AND I'LL NEVER FORGET THE DAY
I FIRST HEARD HIS NAME.
I SUMMON EXODIA'S HEAD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NOW YOU CAN'T STRIKE
MY LIFE POINTS!
HMM...
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT
I WANTED YOU TO DO,
RARE HUNTER.
NOW IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO DESTROY EXODIA!
WHAT?!
YOU ACTIVATED
MY TRAP CARD!
A COSTLY MISTAKE!
CHAIN DESTRUCTION!
AAH!
IT STRUCK MY DECK!
WHILE IT CAN'T DESTROY
YOUR EXODIA HEAD
ON THE FIELD,
IT CAN DESTROY
THE ONES
IN YOUR HAND
AND YOUR DECK!
UHH! OH, NO!
MY EXODIA HEADS...
ARE GONE!
Rare Hunter, voice-over:
NO! THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
HE FOUND A WAY TO STOP
THE UNSTOPPABLE EXODIA!
AND I'M NOT THROUGH,
RARE HUNTER!
YOU FORGET.
YOUR MONSTERS
ARE TRAPPED
IN MY SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT!
ACTIVATE DUST TORNADO!
THIS TRAP DESTROYS
ONE MAGIC CARD,
SHATTERING YOUR SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT,
WHICH ALLOWS
MY MONSTERS TO ATTACK!
AAH!
NOW, MY MONSTERS,
ATTACK THE RARE HUNTER'S
LIFE POINT!
AAH!
AAH! UHH!
YEAH, YUGE! YOU WON!
Crowd: YAY! WAY TO GO...
NO! PLEASE
DON'T BE ANGRY!
AAH!
[GASPS]
NO, MASTER! DON'T!
PLEASE! SPARE ME!
WE MEET AGAIN, PHARAOH!
UHH!
ALLOW ME
TO INTRODUCE MYSELF.
REMEMBER MY NAME...
MARIK!
WHAT IS IT YOU WANT
FROM ME, MARIK?
I WANT WHAT BELONGS TO ME,
AND I'LL TAKE IT
USING THE STRENGTH
OF THE EGYPTIAN
GOD CARDS!
EGYPTIAN WHAT?
MILLENNIA AGO,
A TRIO OF POWERFUL BEHEMOTHS
RAMPAGED THROUGHOUT
ANCIENT EGYPT.
THESE EGYPTIAN GOD MONSTERS
SPREAD DESTRUCTION
THROUGHOUT THE WORLD.
BUT WHEN PEGASUS
CREATED DUEL MONSTERS,
HE RESURRECTED THESE
MIGHTY BEASTS AS CARDS.
WITH THESE EGYPTIAN GODS,
I CAN DESTROY YOU
AND CLAIM THE POWER
I DESERVE.
YOU'LL NEVER CLAIM
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE!
HMM, YOU MISUNDERSTAND.
I WANT MORE THAN THE POWER
OF THE PUZZLE.
I WANT THE PHARAOH'S POWER,
THE BOUNDLESS ENERGY
OF THE ANCIENT RULER
HIMSELF!
WITH IT, NO ONE
WILL STAND IN MY WAY!
I'LL USE
THE ALMIGHTY MAGIC I GAIN
TO CONQUER
AND LEAD THE WORLD!
I WILL BE UNSTOPPABLE!
THE END IS NEAR, PHARAOH!
IT'S MY WORLD NOW.
Mokuba: SO LET ME
GET THIS STRAIGHT.
MARIK WANTS
TO RULE THE WORLD?!
AND HE THINKS GETTING
ALL 3 EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS
WILL GIVE HIM THE POWER
HE NEEDS TO DO IT?
I GUESS THAT EXPLAINS
WHY HE'S GOING THROUGH
ALL THIS TROUBLE
JUST TO GET
HIS HANDS ON THEM.
Kaiba: THAT'S
RIDICULOUS, MOKUBA!
YUGI, DO ME A FAVOR
AND STOP CORRUPTING
MY BROTHER'S MIND
WITH YOUR LIES!
THEY'RE NOT LIES,
AND YOU'VE HEARD
MARIK'S PLAN...
FIRST HAND!
REMEMBER?
Marik:
MEET YOUR MAKER, PHARAOH!
THE LAST MONSTER
YOU'LL EVER SEE!
THE EGYPTIAN GOD,
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON!
YOU'RE FINISHED, YUGI!
PREPARE TO FEEL
HIS WRATH!
HOW CAN I STOP IT?!
AAH!
BEHOLD, THE ULTIMATE
5 CARD COMBINATION
THAT MAKES ME
COMPLETELY INDESTRUCTIBLE!
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
WILL CONTINUE
TO GROW STRONGER,
AND YOUR ATTACKS
ARE COMPLETELY USELESS!
OH, NO.
[SHUDDERS]
I CAN'T LET MARIK
WIN MY PUZZLE.
[GRUNTS]
Kaiba: GET
ON YOUR FEET, YUGI!
HUH? KAIBA!
SINCE WHEN DO YOU
BOW TO YOUR RIVALS?
NEVER!
IF YOU STILL
HAVE WHAT IT TAKES,
THEN GET UP
AND PROVE IT TO ME NOW!
I WILL DEFEAT HIM,
KAIBA.
I ASSURE YOU.
MARIK, IT'S OVER!
Marik: HA! MY EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD IS UNSTOPPABLE!
NOW WATCH
AS MY PLAN TO SLAY
YOUR SO-CALLED
INDESTRUCTIBLE
DRAGON BEGINS!
I'M READY FOR YOUR
PATHETIC ATTACK!
OBSERVE! THE MAGIC CARD
BRAIN CONTROL!
NOW I'LL CONTROL
YOUR MONSTER!
MY BRAIN CONTROL CARD
WILL SEIZE
YOUR REVIVAL JAM!
Marik, voice-over:
THIS CAN'T BE!
WHENEVER REVIVAL JAM
REAPPEARS ON THE FIELD,
MY DRAGON
AUTOMATICALLY ATTACKS IT.
AND SINCE YAMI
CONTROLS REVIVAL JAM,
IT WILL REVIVE ITSELF
ON HIS SIDE OF THE FIELD,
WHICH MAKES ME DRAW
3 NEW CARDS.
THEN MY DRAGON
WILL ATTACK AGAIN.
EACH EVENT
TRIGGERS THE NEXT
IN A NEVER-ENDING CYCLE!
ONCE YOU RUN OUT
OF CARDS TO DRAW,
YOU WILL AUTOMATICALLY
LOSE THIS DUEL!
NO!
THAT MEANS I WIN!
IT'S OVER!
HA HA HA! SILLY FOOLS!
AAH!
PHARAOH, YOU'LL MEET ME
SOONER THAN YOU THINK.
I'M ON MY WAY
TO BATTLE CITY AS WE SPEAK.
ONCE I'M THERE,
THE NEXT PHASE
OF MY PLAN BEGINS.
I ASSURE YOU THE POWER
OF THE PHARAOH WILL BE MINE!
I HAVE RARE HUNTERS
EVERYWHERE IN BATTLE CITY,
AND I CAN SEE ALL!
I SEE THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
THAT WILL BE MINE,
I SEE A DEFENSELESS CITY
WAITING TO BE CONQUERED,
AND I SEE
POTENTIAL MIND-SLAVES
IN EVERY CROWD.
I'M ALWAYS SEARCHING
FOR NEW SERVANTS
TO ADD TO MY ARMY
OF RARE HUNTERS.
I WONDER WHO WILL BE NEXT.
PERHAPS I CAN USE
YOUR FRIENDS
TO GET WHAT I WANT
FROM YOU.
YOU LEAVE THEM ALONE!
IF ANY HARM
BEFALLS MY FRIENDS,
YOU WILL
REGRET IT, MARIK.
JUST AS MY DRAGON'S
ONE WEAKNESS DESTROYED IT,
YOUR LOYALTY TO YOUR FRIENDS
WILL SOON DESTROY YOU.
HMM. USING MAGIC POWERS
TO CONTROL
PEOPLES' MINDS.
I BET YOU STILL BELIEVE
IN THE TOOTH FAIRY AS WELL.
MARIK'S POWERS
ARE VERY REAL
AND VERY DANGEROUS.
AND NOW THAT HE'S
CAPTURED MY FRIENDS,
THERE'S NO TELLING
WHAT HE PLANS
TO DO WITH THEM.
EH?
HERE YOU GO, JOEY.
TAKE YOUR
RED-EYES BACK.
NAH, YUGE.
YOU HOLD ON TO IT.
IT ISN'T MINE
TO TAKE, PAL.
YOU WON IT
FAIR AND SQUARE.
BESIDES,
THE RARE HUNTERS
HAVE COLLECTED TONS
OF RARE CARDS.
THEIR DECKS
ARE TOTALLY SOUPED-UP,
SO I KNOW THAT THEY'RE
GONNA BE TOUGH TO BEAT,
EVEN FOR YOU!
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING,
JOEY?
I'M SAYING ONE DAY
YOU'LL NEED
ALL THE POWERFUL MONSTERS
YOU CAN GET.
PLUS, YOU CAN THINK OF ME
WHENEVER YOU PLAY MY RED-EYES!
IT'S THE LEAST
I COULD DO TO REPAY YOU.
YOU ALWAYS HAVE MY BACK,
SO IT'S TIME
I HELPED YOU FOR A CHANGE!
THAT'S WHY I WANT YOU TO KEEP
MY RED-EYES BLACK DRAGON!
I KNOW IT'S GONNA
COME IN HANDY
FOR YOU SOMETIME.
BESIDES, THIS MEANS
THAT A PART OF ME
WILL BE A PART
OF YOUR DECK.
IT'S KIND OF COOL KNOWING
THAT I'M HELPING YOU
SAVE THE WORLD.
I'LL TAKE GOOD CARE
OF YOUR RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON.
DON'T SWEAT IT!
IT'S YOURS!
YOU ARE
A TRUE FRIEND, JOEY,
AND TOGETHER, WE CAN
TAKE ON ANY EVIL
THAT COMES OUR WAY.
WE HAVE TO
LOCATE MY FRIENDS
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE
AND GET THEM AWAY
FROM THAT MADMAN
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!
Mokuba: WE'RE ONLY 2 MILES
FROM OUR TARGET, GUYS.
Yami-Yugi: GOOD.
THEN IT WON'T BE LONG
BEFORE WE FIND
TEA AND JOEY.
I'M TIRED OF HEARING
ABOUT YOUR FRIENDS, YUGI,
ESPECIALLY
THAT HACK WHEELER.
JOEY HAS BECOME
AN EXTREMELY SKILLED
DUELIST, KAIBA!
IN FACT, I WOULDN'T
BE SURPRISED
IF HE HAD
ALREADY QUALIFIED
FOR THE BATTLE CITY
FINALS!
ROBA, CHECK THIS OUT!
Joey, voice-over:
YES! THE MAGIC CARD,
ROULETTE SPIDER!
ROULETTE SPIDER,
ATTACH TO JINZO!
[GROANS]
AHH! WHAT'S THAT?
WHAT'S THE POINT
OF ALL THIS?
MY SPIDER WILL SPIN
JINZO ROUND AND ROUND
LIKE A GIANT WHEEL.
WHEN YOU
TELL IT TO STOP,
IT'LL AUTOMATICALLY
ATTACK WHICHEVER TARGET
THE ARROW'S
POINTING TO.
GO, ROULETTE SPIDER!
SPIN NOW!
WHAT YOU WAITING FOR?!
UGH!
UGH... JINZO!
STOP!
JINZO'S POINTING
TO MY REFLECT BOUNDER,
AND IF IT ATTACKS,
THEY'RE BOTH DOOMED!
YOU'RE FINISHED,
AND THIS DUEL IS OVER!
[CROWD GROANS]
UGH! HE BEAT ME!
IT WAS A TOUGH DUEL.
BUT SINCE I WON,
TIME TO HAND OVER
YOUR RAREST CARD.
HERE. MY JINZO
AND MY LOCATOR CARD.
YOU DESERVE THEM.
JUST GIVE UP, WHEELER!
IT'S OVER!
JOEY WHEELER
DOESN'T QUIT.
MAYBE YOU'D UNDERSTAND
IF YOU HAD FRIENDS.
COME ON!
Joey, voice-over:
THAT'S WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT!
Joey, aloud: I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACE DOWN,
THEN SUMMON GEARFRIED
THE IRON KNIGHT!
YOU FOOL!
ONCE YOUR KNIGHT
HAS BEEN INFECTED
BY MY PARASITE CARD,
HE'LL JUST BE
ANOTHER SNACK
FOR MY RAVENOUS QUEEN.
Joey: DON'T BE SO SURE
ABOUT THAT, WEEVIL.
SOME CARDS
ARE BUG-PROOF!
WHAT'S WRONG?
WHY CAN'T THE PARASITE
FEED ON IT?
HE'S GEARFRIED
THE IRON KNIGHT,
AND THAT SLIMY
PARASITE'S HELPLESS
AGAINST
HIS METAL ARMOR!
GEARFRIED
THE IRON KNIGHT,
ATTACK
HIS QUEEN'S EGGS
AND LOWER
HER ATTACK POWER!
[GROANS]
THAT'S IT! NEXT TURN,
YOU'RE BUG FOOD!
GOOD-BYE, WHEELER.
AND NOW, MY LOVELY QUEEN,
DESTROY HIS SCRAP HEAP
OF A KNIGHT
AND WHAT'S LEFT
OF HIS LIFE POINTS!
YOU GRUB! I WAS HOPING
YOU WOULD ATTACK ME.
YOU WERE?!
ALL PART OF MY PLAN.
ACTIVATE THE TRAP CARD!
GRAVEROBBER!
NOT GRAVEROBBER!
YEP. IT CAN TAKE A CARD
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD
AND USE IT AGAINST YOU.
AND HE JUST NABBED
YOUR CAN OF AEROSOL!
TIME TO EXTERMINATE
YOUR QUEEN!
[SHRIEKING]
YEAH!
THERE GOES
MY PEST PROBLEM!
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
TO MY QUEEN!
BUT WAIT!
I'M NOT THROUGH
WITH YOU YET,
WEEVIL UNDERPANTS!
GEARFRIED,
DESTROY HIS LAST EGG
AND THE REST
OF HIS LIFE POINTS!
AAH!
WELCOME TO
LOSERVILLE, WEEVIL.
POPULATION--YOU!
I--I--I LOST?
I--I DON'T
BELIEVE IT!
AAAH!
ALL RIGHT, WEEVIL,
COUGH THEM UP!
YOUR INSECT QUEEN
AND 2 LOCATOR CARDS!
ANY LAST WORDS?
YES, 6--
THIS DUEL
IS NOT OVER YET!
SO I'LL PLAY THIS--
RETURN OF THE DOOMED!
IT BRINGS BACK
ONE OF MY MONSTERS
AND HIDES IT UNDERWATER!
ALL RIGHT, MAKO.
HERE GOES.
Joey, voice-over:
GIANT TRUNADE.
THIS CARD SENDS ALL
MAGIC AND TRAP CARDS
BACK TO THE PLAYERS'
HANDS AND OFF THE FIELD.
SO I COULD USE IT
TO DRY UP MAKO'S OCEAN
AND EXPOSE
WHATEVER MONSTER
HE BROUGHT BACK
FROM HIS GRAVEYARD.
WHAT ON EARTH
ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
ACTIVATE GIANT TRUNADE!
DRAIN THE SEA!
[SCREAMS]
IT WORKED!
NOW I PLAY SCAPEGOAT.
AND I SACRIFICE
ONE OF THEM,
SO MY PANTHER WARRIOR
CAN ATTACK!
[SCREAMS]
HE DID IT!
JOEY!
YES. THAT WAS
AN EXCELLENT DUEL.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THANK YOU.
HERE ARE
MY 2 RAREST CARDS
AND 2 LOCATOR CARDS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
AND DON'T WORRY.
I'LL TREAT IT
WITH RESPECT.
YOU'D BETTER.
AND BEST OF LUCK
IN THE FINALS.
NOT TO WORRY, MY FRIENDS.
I PROMISE I'LL SET YOU FREE!
LOOK. THE RARE
HUNTERS' HIDEOUT!
IT'S JUST UP AHEAD.
Kaiba: BEGIN OUR DESCENT
IMMEDIATELY.
Pilot:
YES, MR. KAIBA.
Yugi, voice-over:
ALL RIGHT. THIS IS IT!
NO MATTER
WHAT HAPPENS DOWN THERE,
I'M NOT LEAVING
WITHOUT MY FRIENDS.
YOU WON'T GET AWAY
WITH THIS, MARIK!